Introduction

Welcome to the Coinz app! This app is allows you and your friends to have fun and to compete against one another to see who can collect the most coins while also allowing you to interact with other players through the sharing of coins. So stick around and see how well you can do! The following text explains a bit about the app and how it works, so if you're new to the app and are unsure of how things work then I encourage you to read on.

About Coinz

Coinz is a coin collecting app played in the George Square area where you must travel to within 25m of a coin to collect it. There are four different currencies; SHIL, DOLR, QUID and PENY. Each coin on the map will be one of these four currencies. Once you have collected a coin, it will be placed in your wallet which is located at the bottom right of your screen. Your wallet has a size limit of 100 coins which is in place to encourage you to use your bank, otherwise you will be at a disadvantage to other players! If you want to know how many coins are left on the map then just look at the top left hand corner and you will be able to see the number of coins left.

Next, if you look at the bottom left hand corner of your screen, you will be able to see your bank button. If you click this then a new popup window will appear showing you the number of gold coins you have in your bank. From this window you will also be able to view the exchange rate of the day, the number of deposits you have made that day and also have the ability to deposit coins from your wallet into your bank. It is worth mentioning at this point that there is a daily deposit limit of 25 coins, so choose which coins you want to deposit wisely!

From the bank window you will be able to navigate back to the map view by clicking cancel or if you click deposit then this will take you on to the deposit popup window. In the deposit window you will see a list of the coins you have already collected (this area will be blank if you haven't collected any coins yet!) which you will be able to select in order to choose which coin(s) you want to deposit. If, by chance, you make a mistake, then don't worry! Simply click again on the coin you mistakenly selected and it will be unselected. When you have made your final decision on the coin(s) you want to deposit then you can go ahead and confirm the deposit. The confirmation of the depsoit will change the deposited coins into gold, these same coins will be removed from your seleced coins list and finally the coins will be removed from your wallet. 